Add documentation for using the validation checkup (#2)
openshift-cnv/ocp-virt-validation-checkup: README.md

# ocp-virt-validation-checkup
This repository provides the necessary scripts and utilities to run a validation checkup of OpenShift Virtualization inside a customer environment.

## Objectives
* Run a stable subset of functional tests of [KubeVirt](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt)'s main SIGs: Compute, Network, Storage, as well as [SSP](https://github.com/kubevirt/ssp-operator) test suite. These are also known as Tier-1 test suites.
* Self-sustained, unified package that contains all of the required code to run the validation checkup. The test code is fully aligned with the extact OpenShift Virtualization build installed on the cluster under test. The test suites are being run by a Job object, which runs to a completion.
* Easily run the test suites, with optional tweaks.

> * Easily get and browse the validation checkup results. The test suite results, logs and artifacts are being stored in a PersistentVolumeClaim. A summary of the results is being stored to a ConfigMap.

Reviewer: Not sure about the word "Easily" here. Sound like an ad to me (:

Maybe something like "Configuring and Running the test suites, should be a s simple as possible" - this one is not great either, but something like that.

Author: I rephrased it to "...in a streamlined way", and "...with little effort".
is it better?

    spec:
      serviceAccountName: ocp-virt-validation-sa
      securityContext:
        fsGroup: 1001
      containers:
        - name: ocp-virt-validation-checkup
          image: registry.redhat.io/container-native-virtualization/ocp-virt-validation-checkup-rhel9:v4.19.0-28
          imagePullPolicy: Always
          env:
            - name: DRY_RUN
              value: "false"
            - name: TIMESTAMP
              value: 20250520-105358
            - name: RESULTS_DIR
              value: /results
            - name: TEST_SUITES
              value: compute,network,storage,ssp
            - name: TEST_SKIPS
              value: ""
          volumeMounts:
            - name: results-volume
              mountPath: /results
      restartPolicy: Never
      volumes:
        - name: results-volume
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: ocp-virt-validation-pvc-20250520-105358
  backoffLimit: 0
```
In order to apply these manifests directly onto the cluster in order to start the validation checkup, run:
```bash
podman run -e OCP_VIRT_VALIDATION_IMAGE=${OCP_VIRT_VALIDATION_IMAGE} ${OCP_VIRT_VALIDATION_IMAGE} generate | oc apply -f -
```

> You can funnel the output to a file in order to make adjustments if needed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can tunnel the output to a file in order to make adjustments if needed:
```

Author: actually i meant "funnel" for the meaning of outputing into a file.
but looks like the official term for it is "output redirection"

```bash
podman run -e OCP_VIRT_VALIDATION_IMAGE=${OCP_VIRT_VALIDATION_IMAGE} ${OCP_VIRT_VALIDATION_IMAGE} generate > run_manifests.yaml
```

### Make modifications
The default settings of the validation checkup can be modified before the execution.

#### Test Suites

> By default, all of the test suites will run: compute, network, storage and ssp.
> The `TEST_SUITES` parameter can be passed to the `generate` script to control which test suites are going to be executed as a part of the validation checkup job.

Reviewer: The suite list is not clear enough, IMHO.

Also, I would define the format here, explicitly, instead of the note below.

What do you think about the following?
```suggestion
By default, the validation checkup will run all of the test suites.

It is possible to a subset of the suites to run. The available suites are:
* `compute`
* `network`
* `storage`
* `ssp`

Use the `TEST_SUITES` environment variable, with a comma separated list of the desired suites, when running the `generate` script. The example below, shows how to run only the `compute` and the `network` suites, by setting the `TEST_SUITES` to `"compute,network"`.
```

              value: compute,network,storage,ssp
            - name: TEST_SKIPS
              value: ""
          volumeMounts:
            - name: results-volume
              mountPath: /results
      restartPolicy: Never
      volumes:
        - name: results-volume
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: ocp-virt-validation-pvc-20250520-105358
  backoffLimit: 0
```
In order to apply these manifests directly onto the cluster in order to start the validation checkup, run:
```bash
podman run -e OCP_VIRT_VALIDATION_IMAGE=${OCP_VIRT_VALIDATION_IMAGE} ${OCP_VIRT_VALIDATION_IMAGE} generate | oc apply -f -
```
You can use output redirection to a file in order to make adjustments, if needed:
```bash
podman run -e OCP_VIRT_VALIDATION_IMAGE=${OCP_VIRT_VALIDATION_IMAGE} ${OCP_VIRT_VALIDATION_IMAGE} generate > run_manifests.yaml
```

### Make modifications
The default settings of the validation checkup can be modified before the execution.

#### Test Suites
By default, the validation checkup will run all of the test suites.  
It is possible to configure a subset of the suites to run. The available test suites are:
* `compute`
* `network`
* `storage`
* `ssp`

> Use the `TEST_SUITES` environment variable, with a comma separated list of the desired suites, when running the `generate` script. The example below, shows how to run only the `compute` and the `network` suites, by setting the `TEST_SUITES` to `"compute,network"`.Example:

Reviewer: Please remove the last "Example" word, because the text already refer to "thd exame below", or at least add two new lines (to force th he markdown to add new line), before this word.

Author: thanks, done.
